alright guys i'm back with another brief
review this bears are only mentioned
once when I came back from Russia and
january i did a brief log of the pay's
I've got back so he probably won't be
able to read a single word than the
label but this is called jiggly and it's
a it's a basically a generic laga but
they're trying to aim for the Soviet
style kind of taste that love older
people in Russia still reminisce self
and considered like one of the best
beers they've had in their life we are
talking about you know an average person
but I've had this couple times and this
bottle is what I've had it since January
so it still should be pretty fresh it's
just a pale lager but if you actually
look at it it's a bit darker than
average it looks more like an IPA
something and it's brewed just outside
of Moscow in a suburb others reply the
Moscow brewing company which is a new
brewery that started couple years ago
wouldn't quite call him a craft brewery
but they are not making our junk loggers
did these as peers or oh you know one
hundred percent malt and group without
any additives or anything even though in
Russia additives and Johnson odd that
popular sometimes you get corn and maybe
rice so five percent abv this is a
half-liter bottle quite nicely without
screen glass but it's got a nice Wrigley
label etched on the bottle and it says
here the vitae has to visit their
restaurant their restaurant in Moscow
it's actually I think it's only sold in
Moscow region haven't seen it anywhere
else in Russia and as I said he only
appeared like a couple years ago so it's
actually looked to bear pretty average
looking head but considering this is
just a you know hey log it's quite good
most Russian bears have a head that's
going to dissipate in like a moment
pretty nice smell to it surprisingly
well I'm really know what to expect but
it's full of those green apple notes
against some loggers maybe irish-style
loggers and overall quite multi
even a bit of fresh kona european-style
hopes at the back at such of camel
mm-hmm really good yeah this is one the
best if not the best lager from Russia
I've had very crisp starts out with a
fairly good and surprising kind of
happiness you know like a pilsner like
cockiness nothing to citrusy but very
floral kind of grassy now as you get and
then some bitterness of the bag just a
hint of sweetness and overall not a
light body which is another good thing
it's so light to medium bodied so it's
not too thick it still can be enjoyed in
the summer you can like knock down
topple these even though it's going to
be like a liter of beer but still that's
what they're doing breakfast was not so
much carbonation not a lot of skunk
maybe a bit because you know I've had it
for a while but still it's not going to
be over or what I've never had a really
comfy possible from this berry oh yeah
by the way it's called jiggly barn as
like a Barbie Barnett but yeah this is
this is a lovely pair i'm not sure why
I'm showing this to you guys I guess
just for you to truly kind of knowledge
but if you have in Moscow and you see
this and it's very cheap it's it's not
more expensive and your typical Baltic
or something it's about in the same
range and it's much much better it's not
thin like a lot of Russian loggers it's
not to carbonate it it's got enough
flavor enough molten up hops hops is
very rare and just a crisp enjoyable log
if you like loggers overall you'll
probably love this bed it's much better
than the average expectations anyway
it's too long already going for four
minutes but I just needed to show this
but it's really good Cheers sticks to
their